# Discussion

After analyzing all the different 4 models K Nearest Neighbor(KNN), Decision Tree, Support Vector Machine and Logistic Regression, we found KNN is best to predict the animal type here. As you have seen in the model evaluation tables before, for accuracy KNN is the best, the second-best is decision tree method and following by Support Vector Machine and Logistic Regression. The result of KNN was expected as KNN is the best in grouping similar data points together and giving the best prediction results. Predicting the correct animal type with the highest accuracy have a huge impact on identifying animal types. These models can be used to identify animal types instantly for example if someone saw/discovered an animal and the type is not identified then they can feed all the characteristics fields to the model. The model can predict the animal type accurately, which is way more accurate than identifying and classifying the animal based on common sense. Thus our model can increase the research potential in many fields but not just limited to Marine Science, Animal Science, Forestry, and etc. This might lead to a future question in which how we are going to maintain the accuracy of predictions when working with more diverse groups of animals. Another possible aspect of this can be how some attributes of animals will relate to each other, for instance, relation between animals which has teeth vs predator. Furthermore, how we are going to use those relations to predict behaviors and attributes of newly discovered animals and how we are going to make our perceptions on animals even more detailed. These models and their advancements will not only widen our knowledge in terms of animal biology but will also let us find all other possible relations within the nature in a much more efficient way.
